docs: ListObjects API Proposal (#3)
openfga/rfcs: 20220714-lookup-api.md

It will be provided as two different API endpoints: one will provide a streaming endpoint and the other will implement the endpoint without streaming. These two different endpoints could be used interchangably, but clients can choose which one may be better for their integration environment.

Consider a developer/client integrating with OpenFGA with the following authorization model:
```
type folder
    relations
        define viewer as self

type document
    relations
        define viewer as self or editor or viewer from parent
        define editor as self
        define parent as self
```
and the following relationship tuples:
```

> document:doc1, viewer, bob

Reviewer: Can we update this to be clearer?

- user=bob, relation=editor, object=document:doc2
and so on

Author: I changed these to a markdown table. How does that look?

Reviewer: A markdown table is much better. Though I would still use the order of `user, relation, object` to be more consistent with how we use them pretty much across all docs. Also generally, people found it much easier to read when put this way.

document:doc2, editor, bob
document:doc3, parent, folder:folder1
folder:folder1, viewer, bob
```

## StreamedLookup
StreamedLookup will implement a grpc [server streaming RPC](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/core-concepts/#server-streaming-rpc) endpoint.

The endpoint will stream each object id the target user has the given relationship with as it is evaluated, and the server will continuing streaming results until either the lookup has been exhausted or the `streamed-lookup-deadline` has been reached (see [Configuration Changes](#configuration-changes)).

Sample grpcurl command:
```
grpcurl -plaintext \
  -d '{
           "store_id":"<store>", 
           "authorization_model_id":"<modelID>",

>            "object_type":"document", 

Reviewer: To be consistent with our other endpoints, can we wrap the tuple inside a `tuple_key` object?

E.g. take a look at the [Read endpoint](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Tuples/Read)

```js
{
           "store_id":"<store>", 
           "authorization_model_id":"<modelID>",
           "tuple_key": {
              "user": ...
              "relation": ...
              "object_type": ...
           }
}
```

Reviewer: Also we do not use `object_type` anywhere else in the exposed interface, we use `type` (e.g. in the authorization model) or "object": "$TYPE:" (e.g. in Read)

Author: Using a `tuple_key` here doesn't make sense to me, because we're not querying a specific tuple key (e.g. object, relation, user). We're querying all tuples matching a filter where user and relation and object type is provided.

I'm curious what other people think about this?

Reviewer 2: For the purposes of representing properties (because not all 3 fields might be fully defined) of `tuple` OpenFGA uses the `tuple_key` proto. Same logic as `READ`, we are looking for subset of the composite entity. No need to include another entity when the existing one works. 

> Also we do not use object_type anywhere else in the exposed interface, we use type (e.g. in the authorization model) or "object": "$TYPE:" (e.g. in Read)

Agreed, OpenFGA uses `type`.

Reviewer 2: Tho will admit that having to pass:
`"type": "document:"` (namely the `:`) is not the greatest DX.

Author: > Tho having to pass: `"type": "document:"` (namely the `:`) is not the greatest DX.

That's the primary rationale for my opinion on this. The DX of our tuple key is obscure at best. If I want to query a subset of the composite entity, I have to pass a string like "document:", which isn't clear at all. I think separating them into their individual parts makes more sense from a query perspective.

Reviewer 3: IMO, from an end user perspective, the lookup and read's parameter should be very similar as they deal with "looking up" relations for a particular type.  If we are to have lookup with a new syntax call object_type, we should have similar thing for read.  Otherwise, it feels there are inconsistency in the API. Further, if we are to introduce `object_type`, we should group all three (object_type, relation, user) into a high entity.  This will allow us to have multiples of these groupings down the road.

Author: @adriantam the semantics of Lookup are different than Read though, so I think comparing them is not the best comparison. For example, the Read API allows you to read all tuples of a particular object type or read specific tuples of a particular (singular) object.

Lookup looks up all of the objects of only a particular type. You don't lookup a specific object (otherwise that would be a Check). 

@rhamzeh @elbuo8 - should we just go with `type` for now so that it's more consistent with our existing API but it doesn't introduce the DX shortcomings of the composite `tuple_key` approach? WDYT?

Reviewer 2: `type` 👍🏽

Reviewer 4: I'd prefer to not to use the `tuple_key` and use `type`

Author: Sounds good. I've made this change to the API structure. Marking as resolved for now.

           "relation":"viewer", 
           "user":"bob"
      }' \
  localhost:8081 openfga.v1.OpenFGAService/StreamedLookup

{

>     "object_id": "doc1",

Reviewer: For the response, what do you think about returning:
{
  "object": "$type:$id"
}

We don't use the object_id in any other interface

Author: If the client just wants the object identifier then they'll have to split the string every time 🤔 . That doesn't sound ideal.

The primary use case for Lookup is for pre-filtering on small object collections. If you have to iterate over all of othe object strings and split them to accumulate the object ids, then that's not a great client experience.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps `type_id` or  simply `id` might be better. `

Agree that splitting isn't the most ideal, specially since we are not returning `tuple_key` here.

Author: Our documentation refers to "objects" all over the place.
https://openfga.dev/docs/concepts#what-is-an-object
https://openfga.dev/docs/modeling/getting-started#02-list-the-object-types
etc..

I think, to be consistent with our vernacular, that it makes sense to use `objectId` or `object_id`. 

`type_id` is odd, because it's not clear if it refers to the identifier of the type or the identifier of the object. `id` is a bit ambiguous, but it's  less ambiguous than `type_id` I think 🤷

Reviewer 2: @rhamzeh this can get messier. I can't remember the reason for type rename etc but we have to have consistency in the concept names.

Reviewer 4: I think returning  `"object_id": "doc1"` is better than returning `"object_id": "document:doc1"`

Reviewer: What I was suggesting elsewhere in that document, is just returning the entire tuple, not just the ID.

This allows us in the future if we want to support querying for multiple relations or to have reverse lookup to use the same response semantics.

So the response will always be of the form `{ tuple_keys: TupleKey[] }` again consistent with our APIs elsewhere.

Reviewer: If we are set on leaving it as is, `object_id` is fine by me.

We should modify the [`TupleBackend`](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/blob/170a6834d057428e3b0d250cae47a01f5a61898f/storage/storage.go#L47) interface with a new method `QueryRelationshipTuples` and it's signature could look like:

```
QueryRelationships(
  ctx context.Context,
  storeID string,
  filter *RelationshipFilter,
  opts ...QueryOptionsOption,
) (TupleIterator, error)

type RelationshipFilter struct {
  ObjectType         string
  OptionalObjectID   string
  OptionalRelation   string
  OptionalUserFilter string
}

type QueryOptions struct {
  Limit    *uint64
  Usersets []string
}

type QueryOptionsOption func(*QueryOptions)
```

This approach will allow us to query relationship tuples using any provided filters, and could serve as a more general replacement for the existing Read method.

# Migration
[migration]: #migration

No migrations or breaking changes are necessary to support the Lookup API endpoints described herein.

# Drawbacks
[drawbacks]: #drawbacks

Potential arguments for not introducing the Lookup API include:
* Without proper limitations clients could impact the whole system by issuing Lookups on large collections.

> * Increases the OpenFGA API surface for a very niche use case for Search with Permissions on small object collections.

Reviewer: * encourages users to use Lookup over other methods that may be better applied for their use-case (Search then Check or Local Index)

Author: Added this to the list. Marking as resolved.

# Alternatives
[alternatives]: #alternatives

## More Generic Lookup API
An alternative version of Lookup could support both generic and specific queries such as:
> list all documents that user:bob can 'read' or 'write'

For example,
```
curl --request POST 'http://localhost:8080/stores/<storeID>/lookup' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "object_type": "document",
    "relations": ["read", "write"],
    "user": "bob",
    "authorization_model_id": "<modelID>"
}'
```
and

> list all relationships for documents that user:bob has

For example,
```
curl --request POST 'http://localhost:8080/stores/<storeID>/lookup' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "object_type": "document",
    "user": "bob",
    "authorization_model_id": "<modelID>"
}'
```

> This alternative Lookup API definition is more generic and could be more generally applicable to specific cases where you want to know all of the objects (of a specific type) and the relationships to those objects a user has. However, the query cost of supporing a generic API endpoint like this could be quite expensive since you may have to evaluate all object and relation pairs for objects of a given type.

Reviewer: What would be the use-case for this approach?

Author: If you're pre-filtering a collection of objects based on one or more relationships. For example, if you wanted to know the objects the user has 'edit' and 'delete' access to so that you can show a pencil and trash can icon in a UI.

Reviewer: Should we make the API response to be more generic to allow this case in the future if we see a reason for it?

Response would become:
- user: ..., relation: ..., object: ...

In the future if you'd need to expand support, the interface would not need to change

# Meta
[meta]: #meta
- **Name**: Lookup API
- **Start Date**: 2022-07-14
- **Author(s)**: jon-whit
- **Status**: Draft <!-- Acceptable values: Draft, Approved, On Hold, Superseded -->
- **RFC Pull Request**: (leave blank)
- **Relevant Issues**:
  - https://github.com/openfga/openfga/issues/101
  - https://github.com/openfga/api/issues/10
- **Supersedes**: N/A

# Summary
[summary]: #summary

In some scenarios like UI filtering or auditing, developers need to answer queries like 

> list all documents that user:X can read

More specifically, given an object type, relation, and user, list all of the object ids of the given object type the user has the provided relationship with.

Depending on the use case, this problem can be solved with the existing Check API, as described in our [Search with Permissions](https://openfga.dev/docs/interacting/search-with-permissions) documentation, but in some cases it is more practical to have a dedicated API to serve this functionality.

> The Lookup API addresses [Search with Permissions (Option 3)](https://openfga.dev/docs/interacting/search-with-permissions#option-3-build-a-list-of-ids-then-search). It is specifically targeting the Search with Permissions use case for small object collections (on the order of thousands). For Search with Permissions on larger collections (tens of thousands and beyond) an OpenFGA client should build an external index via the ReadChanges (e.g. Watch) API or, in the future, via the OpenFGA Indexer.

Author: The scope of this proposal discusses the Lookup API, which is designed to "lookup" all of the objects that a user has a particular relationship too. However, in the near future we may also have the reverse form of this API. That is, given an object I want to "lookup" all of the users/subjects (in their expanded form) that have a particular relationship with a single object. LookupObjects would return a list of object ids while LookupUsers would return a list of user ids (for example).

It may be worth naming this API something like `LookupObjects` and the other `LookupUsers` to allow for this growth in the API definitions? WDYT?

Reviewer 4: Yes, I prefer LookupObjects.

Reviewer 4: BTW, what if we use `List` instead of `Lookup`? 

The term seems more commonly used in API definitions than lookup (e.g. google for "api ListUsers")

Author: > 

That sounds good. Let's go that route. `List` is just as good as `Lookup` and it's used more unanimously.

Author: @aaguiarz I've refactor this proposal to reflect these changes discussed. Now it's `ListObjects` instead of `LookupObjects`.

```
diff --git a/openfga/v1/openfga_service.proto b/openfga/v1/openfga_service.proto
index 4140d56..d0056cb 100644
--- a/openfga/v1/openfga_service.proto
+++ b/openfga/v1/openfga_service.proto
@@ -661,6 +661,48 @@ service OpenFGAService {
       description: "Returns a paginated list of OpenFGA stores."
     };
   }
+
+  // StreamedLookup is a streaming variation of the Lookup API (see Lookup for more info).
+  rpc StreamedLookup(LookupRequest) returns (stream StreamedLookupResponse) {
+    option (google.api.http) = {
+      post: "/stores/{store_id}/lookup:stream",
+      body: "*"
+    };
+  }
+
+  // Lookup looks up the object ids for objects of the provided type that the given user
+  // has a specific relation with.
+  rpc Lookup(LookupRequest) returns (LookupResponse) {
+    option (google.api.http) = {
+      post: "/stores/{store_id}/lookup",
+      body: "*"
+    }
+  }
+}
+
+message LookupRequest {
+    string store_id  = 1 [
+      json_name = "store_id"
+    ];
+
+    string authorization_model_id = 2 [
+      json_name = "authorization_model_id"
+    ];
+

> +    string object_type = 3 [

Author: @rhamzeh had a comment about making this consistent with the other API definitions and simply calling it `type`. I think it would be nice to evolve our API definition to accept `object_type` and `object_id` instead of a single `object` string that we have to split etc.. It makes the API a little clearer as well, because 'type' is a very generic term.

I don't think this should be part of the scope of this work, but I thought I would mention it.

# Definitions
[definitions]: #definitions
For more information/background on commonly used terms, please see the official [OpenFGA Concepts](https://openfga.dev/docs/concepts) page.

* [Search with Permissions](https://openfga.dev/docs/interacting/search-with-permissions) - Given a particular search filter (and optional sort order), what objects can the user acces?
* [Authorization Model](https://openfga.dev/docs/concepts#what-is-an-authorization-model)
* [Relationship Tuples](https://openfga.dev/docs/concepts#what-is-a-relationship-tuple)
* [gRPC Server Streaming RPC](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/core-concepts/#server-streaming-rpc)
* [gRPC Unary RPC](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/core-concepts/#unary-rpc)

# Motivation
[motivation]: #motivation

- **Why should we do this?**

>   It simplifies client integrations with OpenFGA for Search with Permissions and it adddress an ask from the community for an endpoint to list the objects a user has permissions for.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  It simplifies client integrations with OpenFGA for Search with Permissions and it addresses an ask from the community for an endpoint to list the objects a user has permissions for.
```

| object         | relation | user           |
|----------------|----------|----------------|
| document:doc1  | viewer   | bob            |
| document:doc2  | editor   | bob            |
| document:doc3  | parent   | folder:folder1 |
| folder:folder1 | viewer   | bob            |

## StreamedLookup
StreamedLookup will implement a grpc [server streaming RPC](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/core-concepts/#server-streaming-rpc) endpoint.

The endpoint will stream each object id the target user has the given relationship with as it is evaluated, and the server will continuing streaming results until either the lookup has been exhausted or the `streamed-lookup-deadline` has been reached (see [Configuration Changes](#configuration-changes)).

Sample grpcurl command:
```
grpcurl -plaintext \
  -d '{
           "store_id":"<store>", 
           "authorization_model_id":"<modelID>",
           "object_type":"document", 
           "relation":"viewer", 
           "user":"bob"
      }' \
  localhost:8081 openfga.v1.OpenFGAService/StreamedLookup

{
    "object_id": "doc1",
}
{
    "object_id": "doc2"
}
{
    "object_id": "doc3"
}
```

Sample curl command:
```

> curl --request POST 'http://localhost:8080/stores/<storeID>/lookup:streamed' \

Reviewer 3: Having ":" in the path seems a bit inconsistent with the rest of the APIs.  Will it make more sense if streamed is pass in as an optional body parameter?

Author: We don't have support for proxying an RPC based on a optional body (or query) parameter. We use grpc-gateway and it is limited to a direct HTTP path mapping to the underlying RPC.

So our best option at this time is to encode the different RPC endpoints in the HTTP path. We could do something different like `localhost:8080/stores/<storeID>/streamedLookup` 🤷

Reviewer 4: I'd stick to something like `streamedLookup`

Author: Since we've chosen to rename this API endpoint to `ListObjects`, then for the streaming variant I will use the name `/streamedListObjects` to go along with your recommendations. I've made this change.

Reviewer: In that case, maybe `streamed-lookup`?

Consistent with `read-changes`. And we don't generally use capitalization in path names

    ]
}
```

Sample curl command:
```
curl --request POST 'http://localhost:8080/stores/<storeID>/lookup' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "authorization_model_id": "<modelID>"
    "object_type": "document",
    "relation": "viewer",
    "user": "bob",
    "contextual_tuples": {
      "tuple_keys': [
        {
          "object": "document:doc4",
          "relation": "viewer",
          "user": "bob"
        }
      ]
    }
}'

{
    "object_ids": [
        "doc1",
        "doc2",
        "doc3",
        "doc4"
    ]
}
```

The results from the Lookup query can then be used to filter a collection by taking the intersection of these object ids with objects returned from the clients own query.

# How it Works
[how-it-works]: #how-it-works

The `StreamedLookup` endpoint will be (gRPC server stream) will be mapped to it's HTTP/json equivalent through the mapping provided by the implementation of the grpc-gateway project, which converts the stream into an [http/1.1 chunked transfer encoding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chunked_transfer_encoding). Consumers of the streaming HTTP endpoint will be able to consume it using chunked-transfer encoding.

> The `Lookup` endpoint (unary gRPC endpoint) will be mapped to it's HTTP/json equivalent through the mapping provided by the implementation of the [grpc-gateway](https://grpc-ecosystem.github.io/grpc-gateway/) project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Lookup` endpoint (unary gRPC endpoint) will be mapped to its HTTP/json equivalent through the mapping provided by the implementation of the [grpc-gateway](https://grpc-ecosystem.github.io/grpc-gateway/) project.
```

           "authorization_model_id":"<modelID>",
           "object_type":"document", 
           "relation":"viewer", 
           "user":"bob"
      }' \
  localhost:8081 openfga.v1.OpenFGAService/StreamedLookup

{
    "object_id": "doc1",
}
{
    "object_id": "doc2"
}
{
    "object_id": "doc3"
}
```

Sample curl command:
```
curl --request POST 'http://localhost:8080/stores/<storeID>/lookup:streamed' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "object_type": "document",
    "relation": "viewer",
    "user": "bob",
    "authorization_model_id": "<modelID>"
}'

{"result":{"object_id":"doc1"}}
{"result":{"object_id":"doc2"}}
{"result":{"object_id":"doc3"}}
```

## Lookup
Lookup will implement a grpc [unary RPC](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/core-concepts/#unary-rpc) endpoint.

The endpoint will return a list of the object ids the target user has the given relationship with. The size of the list that is returned will be determined by the `lookup-max-results` config (see [Configuration Changes](#configuration-changes)). If no maximum is provided by that config, then Lookup will attempt to accumulate all of the object ids before returning them. 

> > ⚠️ without proper configuration of or use of the Lookup endpoint the server memory (and client memory) footprint could be profoundly impacted, because the list is accumulated in memory before it is returned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Without proper configuration the Lookup endpoint, the server's memory footprint could be profoundly impacted, because the list is accumulated in memory before it is returned.
```

Author: I reworded this a bit. Let me know what you think with the updated one.

Sample grpcurl command:
```
grpcurl -plaintext \
  -d '{
        "store_id":"<store>",
        "authorization_model_id":"<modelID>",
        "object_type":"document",
        "relation":"viewer",
        "user":"bob",
        "contextual_tuples": {
          "tuple_keys': [
            {
              "object": "document:doc4",
              "relation": "viewer",
              "user": "bob"
            }
          ]
        }
      }' \
  localhost:8081 openfga.v1.OpenFGAService/Lookup

{
    "object_ids": [
        "doc1",
        "doc2",
        "doc3",
        "doc4
    ]
}
```

Sample curl command:
```
curl --request POST 'http://localhost:8080/stores/<storeID>/lookup' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "authorization_model_id": "<modelID>"
    "object_type": "document",
    "relation": "viewer",
    "user": "bob",
    "contextual_tuples": {
      "tuple_keys': [
        {
          "object": "document:doc4",
          "relation": "viewer",
          "user": "bob"
        }
      ]
    }
}'

{
    "object_ids": [
        "doc1",
        "doc2",
        "doc3",
        "doc4"
    ]
}
```

> The results from the Lookup query can then be used to filter a collection by taking the intersection of these object ids with objects returned from your application's query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The results from the Lookup query can then be used to filter a collection by taking the intersection of these object ids with objects returned from the clients own query.
```

+      json_name = "authorization_model_id"
+    ];
+
+    string object_type = 3 [
+      json_name = "object_type"
+    ];
+
+    string relation = 4;
+    string user = 5;
+
+    openfga.v1.ContextualTupleKeys contextual_tuples = 6 [
+      json_name = "contextual_tuples"
+    ];
+}
+
+message LookupResponse {
+  repeated string object_ids = 1;
+}
+
+message StreamedLookupResponse {
+  string object_id = 1;
+}
```

`store_id`, `object_type`, `relation`, and `user` will be required fields. If the `authorization_model_id` is not provided it will default to the latest model.

The streaming variant accepts the same request body but differs in its response structure. For the streaming RPC a single `StreamedLookupResponse` is streamed back per result, whereas with the unary variant an array of object ids is accumulated and then returned.

The `/stores/{store_id}/lookup:streamed` HTTP path mapping for the streaming variant was inspired by [Google's HTTP mapping for Custom Methods](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/custom_methods), but this is open for debate.

If anyone has any opinions or recommendations we'd love to hear them!

## Configuration Changes

> - Add a `StreamedLookupDeadline` config param (`--streamed-lookup-deadline` flag)

Reviewer 2: Both of these flags could be applied to their counter parts.

In a streamed scenario you may not want them all. Ultimately the client can just close the connection instead of the server doing it for them.

In the unary scenario, the user might want to specify a deadline and just use the results gathered up to that point. Closing the connection in this scenario leaves them with nothing.

Author: They could be applied to their counter parts, but the intent behind the two different flags is to control the semantics of the API endpoint a little differently.

The `--lookup-max-results` flag is inteded to limit the maximum number of results that can accumulate (regardless of time). This is to protect the server. If you do this with a timeout deadline instead, then there isn't necessarily a bounds for how many may accumulate in the timeout window, and that could hurt the server significantly. For example, if you accumulate 1 million lookup results in the timeout deadline then that's going to have a large memory footprint on the server.

The streaming variant with a `--streamed-lookup-deadline` flag doesn't suffer this same caveat because it doesn't have to accumulate and then respond, it just responds as each result is available. The `--lookup-max-results` flag could be used for the streaming variant and it just returns after N number of results have been streamed back. That would be a reasonable approach as well, but the semantic intent behind the deadline based streaming approach is that you may be able to stream more than `--lookup-max-results` in the deadline window, and so it may be more limiting than it needs to be 🤷 .

Those were some of the reasons behind the configuration changes that are outlined here. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: It was already clear the intentions of each flag described.

I explained how the same could be used in their counterpart to have additional level of control. Perhaps a bit too much control for a v0.

Reviewer 2: Correct. 

Or having them independently configurable which might be a bit too much: 
```
--lookup-max-results
--lookup-deadline
--streamed-lookup-deadline
--streamed-max-results
```

Author: Thanks for the clarification 👍 

I think it would be best to have a single config that controls the behavior of both for now, because this will make the two endpoints behavior more similarly and incurs less config overhead. If we find a good reason to control them independently of one another, then we can introduce the other config in the future.

Author: I updated this section based on this conversation. Please let me know what you think with the updates.

```
func (s *Server) StreamedLookup(
    req *openfgapb.LookupRequest,
    srv openfgapb.OpenFGAService_StreamedLookupServer,
) error {...}

func (s *Server) Lookup(
    ctx context.Context,
    req *openfgapb.LookupRequest,
) (*openfgapb.LookupResponse, error) {...}
```

Sample code implementing these proposed changes can be found here:
https://github.com/openfga/openfga/tree/lookup-poc (server changes) which depends on https://github.com/openfga/api/tree/lookup-api (protobuf API changes)

### Storage Interface Changes
The [`OpenFGADatastore`](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/blob/170a6834d057428e3b0d250cae47a01f5a61898f/storage/storage.go#L132) interface will need to be expanded or modified to support queries for all objects of a particular object type (within a store). Today our datastore/storage interface only has the [`Read`](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/blob/170a6834d057428e3b0d250cae47a01f5a61898f/storage/storage.go#L51) method, but it requires a storeID and tuple key specifying either the `object` or `user` field (or both). The Lookup work will need a method that supports only providing the storeID and object `type`.

> We should modify the [`TupleBackend`](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/blob/170a6834d057428e3b0d250cae47a01f5a61898f/storage/storage.go#L47) interface with a new method `QueryRelationshipTuples` and it's signature could look like:

Reviewer 2: The [`TupleBackend`](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/blob/170a6834d057428e3b0d250cae47a01f5a61898f/storage/storage.go#L47) interface will need a new method `QueryRelationshipTuples` and it's signature could look like:

It will be provided as two different API endpoints: one will provide a streaming endpoint and the other will implement the endpoint without streaming. These two different endpoints could be used interchangably, but clients can choose which one may be better for their integration environment.

Consider a developer/client integrating with OpenFGA with the following authorization model:
```
type folder
    relations
        define viewer as self

type document
    relations
        define viewer as self or editor or viewer from parent
        define editor as self
        define parent as self
```
and the following relationship tuples:

| object         | relation | user           |
|----------------|----------|----------------|
| document:doc1  | viewer   | bob            |
| document:doc2  | editor   | bob            |
| document:doc3  | parent   | folder:folder1 |
| folder:folder1 | viewer   | bob            |

## StreamedListObjects
StreamedListObjects will implement a grpc [server streaming RPC](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/core-concepts/#server-streaming-rpc) endpoint.

> The endpoint will stream each object id the target user has the given relationship with as it is evaluated, and the server will continuing streaming results until either the list has been exhausted or the `listObjects-deadline` has been reached (see [Configuration Changes](#configuration-changes)).

Reviewer 5: > The endpoint will stream each object id the target user has the given relationship with as it is evaluated, and the server will continuing streaming results until either the list **has been exhausted**

It says below that ListObjectsMaxResults applies to this endpoint as well

Author: I've reworded it to include the behavior of the `listObjects-max-results` flag as well. How does that look?
